we sit with a problem of illegal
immigrants and and samstat sometimes
refugees coming through from eyes and
big that do traverse through the kruger
national park and these are the people
that causing up causing problems yeah
because the Lions do kill them so
there's every possibility that this line
here could be a maneater
yeah it's every possibility especially
this specific guy yes yeah for instance
if you would be walking down this road
at night and he'll be lying there you're
gonna be dead meat yes I don't even
doubt that two years ago we had a pride
that actually caught about 13 people in
18 days you know that we know of okay
and and these lines is in my opinion
seeing it is very easy prey
just that night before we we caught
these lines they killed another humans
and when you open them up that I mean
they were as you can see some of those
pictures you have it I salute you they
were the guys person and and all the
money was at home yeah no I suppose it's
normal you know natural and normal if
you look at it well yeah that's standing
its ground in this way is very unusual
behavior so these animals can be
manitous but it's usually when humans
step over into their domain and put
themselves in danger they don't even
react to it but this is this one
specific face is quite good today it's
quite a change so I continue now if we
get out of this vehicle he will he will
either attack us straight away or you
push off you know we were on a tourist
route in the park and dough was very
concerned that this particular line
should be moved away from the track and
guess who got volunteered to do the job
I've worked with dough before as a vet
and I knew I could trust him
but for a moment I wondered if he'd made
the right call yeah it's thumb of you so
you stop worrying about it exactly yeah
she's not looking but it was actually be
good if they can just push off a bit
yeah which was all the tourists around
you yeah
lucky for us all the female proved more
interesting to the male than me and as
she moved away he snarled off with her
here in Kruger alone Lions will probably
kill around 10 humans this year
[Music]
you